DOCSUP-14458: Edit and translate to Russian (two settings and subBitmap function) (#28996)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/sql-reference/functions/bitmap-functions.md

**Arguments**

-   `bitmap` – The bitmap. Type: [Bitmap object](#bitmap_functions-bitmapbuild).

> -   `offset` – The value of the offset. Type: [UInt32](../../sql-reference/data-types/int-uint.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `offset` – The position of the first element. Type: [UInt32](../../sql-reference/data-types/int-uint.md).
```

> -   `cardinality_limit` – The subset cardinality upper limit. Type: [UInt32](../../sql-reference/data-types/int-uint.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `cardinality_limit` – The maximum number of elements in the subset. Type: [UInt32](../../sql-reference/data-types/int-uint.md).
```
